Fixed errors in the CHANGELOG for ROCm 7.0 (#1702)
ROCm/rccl: CHANGELOG.md

Full documentation for RCCL is available at [https://rccl.readthedocs.io](https://rccl.readthedocs.io)

> ## Unreleased - RCCL 2.24.3 for ROCm 7.0.0

Reviewer: shouldn't this be 2.25.1?

Author: You're right. Fixed.

### Resolved issues
* Resolved an issue when using more than 64 channels when multiple collectives are used in the same `ncclGroup()` call.

### Added

* Added new GPU target `gfx950`.
* Added MSCCL support for multinode gfx942/gfx950 (i.e., 16 and 32 GPUs). To enable, set the
  environment variable `RCCL_MSCCL_FORCE_ENABLE=1`. Max message size for MSCCL AllGather usage is `12292 * sizeof(datatype) * nGPUs`.

### Changed

* Compatibility with NCCL 2.23.4
* Compatibility with NCCL 2.24.3

## RCCL 2.22.3 for ROCm 6.4.1

### Resolved issues

* Fixed the accuracy issue for MSCCLPP `allreduce7` kernel in graph mode.
* Fixed IntraNet performance.

> * Fixed a rare hang caused by early termination due to proxy thread synchronization issue.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where early termination, in rare circumstances, could cause the application to stop responding due to a proxy thread synchronization issue.
```

Author: How about this? I think it's more correct.
```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where, in rare circumstances, the application could stop responding due to a proxy thread synchronization issue.
```

Reviewer 2: Sure. If that's more accurate, that works.
